feat: improve stacking context for overlay components (#3349)
sbb-design-systems/lyne-components: docs/GETTING_STARTED.md

### Stacking

Our overlay components internally use the Popover API to take advantage of positioning elements on the top layer.

> However, since the Popover API is not fully supported by our list of supported browsers (about 90% as of January 25th),
> stacking the overlay context should still be done manually for older browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of January 2025, the browser support for the Popover API is at
[90%](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/popover#browser_compatibility)
and available for all [our supported browsers](https://github.com/sbb-design-systems/lyne-components?tab=readme-ov-file#-browser-and-screen-reader-support).
If you need to support older browsers, you can either attempt to use a polyfill or
manually configure the stacking order of the overlays.
```
